docs: Replaced admin features overview with the required linking section (#2338)
medusajs/medusa: docs/content/admin/quickstart.md

:::

## Admin User Guide

> You can learn more about Medusa admin and its features in the [Medusa's User Guide](../user-guide).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Medusa admin provides a lot of ecommerce features including managing RMA flows, store settings, products, orders, and much more.

You can learn more about Medusa admin and its features in the [User Guide](../user-guide/index.mdx).
```

:::

## Admin User Guide

> Medusa admin provides a lot of ecommerce features including managing RMA flows, store settings, products, orders, and much more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Medusa admin provides a lot of ecommerce features including managing Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) flows, store settings, products, orders, and much more.
```

You can learn more about Medusa admin and its features in the [User Guide](../user-guide/index.mdx).

> 

Reviewer: Can you make sure there's only one empty line before the "What's Next" section?
